---
slug: Monthly reports, Dey 1402-January 2024
draft: false
date: 2024-01-21
---

# Montly reports, Dey 1402-January 2024
One of the reasons I created this weblog is to practice writing in Eng. For start, I share my monthly notes about what did I do in the past month. 
<!-- more -->
## Research

I presented my proposal idea completely to my prof. He asked some questions that at times, made me upset but now when thinking about it, Find it very clever. It was one obstacle to the main idea, So I started searching for how can I solve it. fortunately, I can not find an answer for it. 
I start the whole process again, but this time on a different topic. After reading some papers and gathering more information, I suggest this idea "Does this task performance improve if runs on GPU or not?" This idea searches for the task, finds its characteristics with data mining, Finds a correlation between them, and finally based on the formula we gave it, calculates worth it or not. This idea is a conservation for me. if this process takes more time than if it was run and finished on GPU, Then this idea is worthless. 
About a week later, my professor sent me some papers. They were about parameters that are affected on microservices in serverless platforms.
At the moment, I'm searching and find more information about this topic. Hope this idea goes well. 

## Prompting

It's been almost one year since the AI release chatGPT. I mostly use it for writing my documents and writing stuff. On the last day, I saw a YouTube video that was saying how to use chatGPT for decision making and they share the prompt. Till that moment I wasn't aware of the power of prompting. So I start searching about it, How to write better Prompts and something like that. It opens a new window for me.</br>
This is the [YouTube video link](https://www.youtube.com/live/zHEkngn4wgM?si=0cnkuxxExFT7eWB-)

## Book Report

I finished a "Shab e hole" book written by Hormoz Shahdadi in 1979. What an amazing book. It was like a huge maze, No escape, Stuck you till its end. I write about this book on my good reads, you can find it with this [link](https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/6010772842).</br>
I started another book this month which is "thought of Freedom" written by Freydon Adamiyat in 1961. I borrow this book from my university's library.
